CurrentBookNotes.md, before:

# Current Book Notes


## Doughnut Economics
Reading chapter on design to distribute, p. 156.

Book is eye-opening about how much we have internalized the assertions of neo-classical econ as "reality", whether about how money works, or .... Maybe tie into thread today by Noah Smith: https://twitter.com/Noahpinion/status/981891041425965057


13. Doughnut Economics. Kate Raworth (@KateRaworth). #my2018reading #books 1/8

This is a must-read book. The idea is simple & radical: we must learn to live in the doughnut-shaped space between an inner floor to human misery & an outer ecological ceiling above which lies ecological ruin (https://www.kateraworth.com/doughnut). 2/8

@KateRaworth takes us through 7 ways to rethink & reframe economics to accomplish this. There is no way I can do justice to the content of the book here, but I want to highlight a couple major takeaways for me. 3/8

Most important: the economy is not an implacable consequence of immutable laws to which we must adapt ourselves, it is the consequence of decisions that we have made and that we can change. Economics is a design problem. 4/8

It was also eye-opening for me to see how much we (and I) have internalized the assertions of neo-classical economic theory as "reality". We fail to see solutions because we "know" them to be impossible. 5/8

There is plenty in this book to scare you, but it is far from depressing. It is really a very hopeful book, with concrete examples of ways that communities can and have changed outcomes. 6/8

Raworth writes from a conviction that we can change our path and confront the twin crises of climate and social degradation. As she notes, "it is striking just how quickly the unfeasibly radical can become the feasibly practical." 7/8

But that won't happen unless we can learn to see our challenges with new eyes. This book will help us do that. 8/8






## On Democracy, Dahl

Section III, Chapter 8, subsection 'The Factor of Size', location 1345. Table mapping political institutions to democratic criteria

## Healing the Heart of Democracy

5 habits of the heart
Deliberate, not accidental citizens.
Toqueville

Loom of Democracy chapter

Most interesting bit here is the idea that founders set up a system where we can never shut any question down forever. p. 74, plus "debate sustained over time ..." on p. 81 (Note: echoed in Ian Shapiro's chapter at end of Dahl's On Democracy).

In "Life in the company of strangers" chapter:
- I don't like his coopting of "political" to mean only the corridors of power vs "public". It makes the political evil and hopeless, which doesn't need to be true.

Creating public spaces overdone a bit, but good stuff there. Importance of public spaces where we encounter the other - no argument.

p. 162 Workplace ... that touches the idea that how we operate in our small spaces (work) is eventually reflected in the larger political world.

Powerful group techniques
164: Highland School
166 Public Narrative & Hillel & Obama camps


It's about the inner work needed to fully engage the outer work of democracy, the 5 'habits of the heart': (1) We must understand that we are all in this together. (2) We must develop an appreciation of the value of 'otherness'.

(3) We must cultivate the ability to hold tension in life-giving ways. (4) We must generate a sense of personal voice and agency. (5) We must strengthen our capacity to create community.

Palmer talks about places these habits can be cultivated and describes valuable examples like the Highland Folk School and Obama camps. 

I had trouble w/ a couple points. He distinguishes politics from public life, ceding politics to the zero-sum gamers. Words matter & I believe we must reclaim politics for all of us.

He also describes movements as starting from a 'Rosa Parks moment' of decision. To me that plays into a hero narrative that can paralyze us. But the book is a good reminder that who we are impacts what kind of democracy we can achieve.

As a final note, I'm particularly grateful to the book for reintroducing me to ideas from de Toqueville's Democracy in America. I read it years ago, but will begin rereading it forthwith. /end




## Congress' Constitution

Josh makes the normative claim that powers not only do depend on politics, but that they should (latest e.g., last paragraph on p. 129).

"Ecology of transparency", p. 222. Congress + press + civil society

"real legislative authority is, in fact, largely constructed through the processes of public engagement" p. 229

As much about HOW those powers can be used effectively as about what the powers are.

Commit message:

Added next factory of the world

CurrentBookNotes.md, after:

# Current Book Notes
## The Next Factory of the World: How Chinese Investment is Reshaping

One of the most fascinating points is being reminded of how transformative industrialization is, whether in Africa today, China over the last 25 years, or the U.S. and western Europe more than a century ago.

Good (Enough) Governance - The Chinese are doing iterative development.

HIGHLIGHTED MONEY QUOTE: "institutions don't appear in the world fully formed; rather they must be used into existence."


## Doughnut Economics
Reading chapter on design to distribute, p. 156.

Book is eye-opening about how much we have internalized the assertions of neo-classical econ as "reality", whether about how money works, or .... Maybe tie into thread today by Noah Smith: https://twitter.com/Noahpinion/status/981891041425965057


13. Doughnut Economics. Kate Raworth (@KateRaworth). #my2018reading #books 1/8

This is a must-read book. The idea is simple & radical: we must learn to live in the doughnut-shaped space between an inner floor to human misery & an outer ecological ceiling above which lies ecological ruin (https://www.kateraworth.com/doughnut). 2/8

@KateRaworth takes us through 7 ways to rethink & reframe economics to accomplish this. There is no way I can do justice to the content of the book here, but I want to highlight a couple major takeaways for me. 3/8

Most important: the economy is not an implacable consequence of immutable laws to which we must adapt ourselves, it is the consequence of decisions that we have made and that we can change. Economics is a design problem. 4/8

It was also eye-opening for me to see how much we (and I) have internalized the assertions of neo-classical economic theory as "reality". We fail to see solutions because we "know" them to be impossible. 5/8

There is plenty in this book to scare you, but it is far from depressing. It is really a very hopeful book, with concrete examples of ways that communities can and have changed outcomes. 6/8

Raworth writes from a conviction that we can change our path and confront the twin crises of climate and social degradation. As she notes, "it is striking just how quickly the unfeasibly radical can become the feasibly practical." 7/8

But that won't happen unless we can learn to see our challenges with new eyes. This book will help us do that. 8/8






## On Democracy, Dahl

Section III, Chapter 8, subsection 'The Factor of Size', location 1345. Table mapping political institutions to democratic criteria

## Healing the Heart of Democracy

5 habits of the heart
Deliberate, not accidental citizens.
Toqueville

Loom of Democracy chapter

Most interesting bit here is the idea that founders set up a system where we can never shut any question down forever. p. 74, plus "debate sustained over time ..." on p. 81 (Note: echoed in Ian Shapiro's chapter at end of Dahl's On Democracy).

In "Life in the company of strangers" chapter:
- I don't like his coopting of "political" to mean only the corridors of power vs "public". It makes the political evil and hopeless, which doesn't need to be true.

Creating public spaces overdone a bit, but good stuff there. Importance of public spaces where we encounter the other - no argument.

p. 162 Workplace ... that touches the idea that how we operate in our small spaces (work) is eventually reflected in the larger political world.

Powerful group techniques
164: Highland School
166 Public Narrative & Hillel & Obama camps


It's about the inner work needed to fully engage the outer work of democracy, the 5 'habits of the heart': (1) We must understand that we are all in this together. (2) We must develop an appreciation of the value of 'otherness'.

(3) We must cultivate the ability to hold tension in life-giving ways. (4) We must generate a sense of personal voice and agency. (5) We must strengthen our capacity to create community.

Palmer talks about places these habits can be cultivated and describes valuable examples like the Highland Folk School and Obama camps. 

I had trouble w/ a couple points. He distinguishes politics from public life, ceding politics to the zero-sum gamers. Words matter & I believe we must reclaim politics for all of us.

He also describes movements as starting from a 'Rosa Parks moment' of decision. To me that plays into a hero narrative that can paralyze us. But the book is a good reminder that who we are impacts what kind of democracy we can achieve.

As a final note, I'm particularly grateful to the book for reintroducing me to ideas from de Toqueville's Democracy in America. I read it years ago, but will begin rereading it forthwith. /end




## Congress' Constitution

Josh makes the normative claim that powers not only do depend on politics, but that they should (latest e.g., last paragraph on p. 129).

"Ecology of transparency", p. 222. Congress + press + civil society

"real legislative authority is, in fact, largely constructed through the processes of public engagement" p. 229

As much about HOW those powers can be used effectively as about what the powers are.
