reading.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Reading
permalink: /reading/
---
# 2018

1. How Representation Enables Democratic Citizenship. Mark E. Warren. ECPR General Conference, Oslo, September 2017. #my2018reading #articles
2. Devil in a Blue Dress. Walter Mosley. #my2018reading #books
3. Decline and Fall. Evelyn Waugh. #my2018reading #books
4. All The King's Men. Robert Penn Warren. #my2018reading #books
5. Congress's Constitution. Josh Chafetz (@joshchafetz). #my2018reading #books
6. Great Expectations. Charles Dickens. #my2018reading #books
7. Healing the Heart of Democracy. Parker J. Palmer. #my2018reading #books
8. David Copperfield. Charles Dickens. #my2018reading #books
9. On Democracy. Robert A. Dahl. #my2018reading #books
10. Economics for the Common Good. Jean Tirole. #my2018reading #books
11. American Gods. Neil Gaiman. #my2018reading #books
12. Exit West. Mohsin Hamid. #my2018reading #books
13. Doughnut Economics. Kate Raworth (@KateRaworth). #my2018reading #books
14. Мастер и Маргарита, Михаил Булгаков (Master and Margarita, Mikhail Bulgakov). #my2018reading #books
15. A Heartbreaking Work Of Staggering Genius. Dave Eggers. #my2018reading #books
16. Life After Life. Kate Atkinson. #my2018reading #books
17. Across That Bridge: A Vision for Change and the Future of America. John Lewis (@repjohnlewis). #my2018reading #books
18. The Efficiency Paradox: What Big Data Can't Do. Edward Tenner (@edward_tenner).  #my2018reading #books
19. Sing, Unburied, Sing. Jesmyn Ward (@jesmimi). #my2018reading #books
20. Poor Economics: A Radical Rethinking of the Way to Fight Global Poverty. Abhijit V. Banerjee & Esther Duflo. #my2018reading #books




# 2017

1. Slade House. David Mitchell.
2. The Fractured Republic. Yuval Levin.
3. The Elegance of the Hedgehog. Muriel Barbery
4. Hear the Wind Sing. Haruki Murakami.
5. Bone Clocks. David Mitchell.
6. America's Constitution: A Biography. Akhil Reed Amar.
7. Year of Yes. Shonda Rhimes.
8. Pinball, 1973. Haruki Murakami.
9. Tears We Cannot Stop: A Sermon To White America. Michael Eric Dyson.
10. Countdown City. Ben H. Winters
11. The God of Small Things. Arundhati Roy.
12. Two Years Eight Months and Twenty-Eight Nights. Salman Rushdie.
13. World of Trouble. Ben H. Winters
14. Non-Violent Resistance (Satyagraha). Mahatma K. Gandhi.
15. Invitation To Love: The Way Of Christian Contemplation. Thomas Keating.
16. Something Wicked This Way Comes. Ray Bradbury.
17. The First Bad Man. Miranda July.
18. Mahatma Gandhi's _Constructive Programme_: Building a New India. Allwyn Tellis. University of Illinois dissertation, 2006.
19. Constructive Programme. Mohandas Gandhi.
20. Middlemarch. George Eliot.
21. Open Mind, Open Heart. Thomas Keating.
22. Giraffe. J.M. Ledgard.
23. How Nonviolent Struggle Works. Gene Sharp.
24. The Sympathizer. Viet Thanh Nguyen.
25. Rethinking Capitalism: Economics and Policy for Sustainable and Inclusive Growth. Michael Jacobs, Mariana Mazzucato, eds.
26. The Road. Cormac McCarthy.
27. The Book Thief. Markus Zusak.
28. The Man in the High Castle. Philip K. Dick.
29. The Buried Giant. Kazuo Ishiguro.
30. Engaging the Powers. Walter Wink.
31. Super Sad True Love Story. Gary Shteyngart.
32. Light Years. James Salter.
33. The Productivity Project. Chris Bailey.
34. The Three-Body Problem. Cixin Liu.
35. Cat's Cradle. Kurt Vonnegut.
36. Slaughterhouse-Five. Kurt Vonnegut.
37. Breakfast of Champions. Kurt Vonnegut.
38. Kingdom Cons. Yuri Herrera.
39. The Pale King. David Foster Wallace.
40. Tell the Wolves I'm Home. Carol Rifka Brunt.
41. WTF? What's the Future and Why It's Up to Us. Tim O'Reilly.
42. The Ministry of Utmost Happiness. Arundhati Roy.
43. Kanban. David J. Anderson.
44. Submergence. J.M. Ledgard.
45. An Atlas of Impossible Longing. Anuradha Roy.
46. What Happened. Hillary Rodham Clinton.
47. A Legacy of Spies. John le Carré.
48. The Penguin and the Leviathan: How Cooperation Triumphs Over Self-Interest. Yochai Benkler.
49. Public Opinion. Walter Lippmann.
50. A Little Life. Hanya Yanagihara.
51. The Great Debate: Edmund Burke, Thomas Paine, and the Birth of Right and Left. Yuval Levin.
52. Lincoln in the Bardo. George Saunders.
53. Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children. Ransom Riggs.
54. The Unbearable Wholeness of Being. Ilia Delio.
55. Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. J.K. Rowling, John Tiffany, Jack Thorne.
56. The Color of Magic. Terry Pratchett.
57. The Light Fantastic. Terry Pratchett.
58. Equal Rites. Terry Pratchett
59. Doing Capitalism in the Innovation Economy: Markets, Speculation and the State. William H. Janeway (@billjaneway).
60. Mort. Terry Pratchett.
61. Sourcery, Terry Pratchett.
62. Rationalism, Pluralism, and Freedom. Jacob T. Levy (@jtlevy). 
63. Wyrd Sisters. Terry Pratchett. #my2017reading

Commit message:

Added next factory of the world

reading.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Reading
permalink: /reading/
---
# 2018

1. How Representation Enables Democratic Citizenship. Mark E. Warren. ECPR General Conference, Oslo, September 2017. #my2018reading #articles
2. Devil in a Blue Dress. Walter Mosley. #my2018reading #books
3. Decline and Fall. Evelyn Waugh. #my2018reading #books
4. All The King's Men. Robert Penn Warren. #my2018reading #books
5. Congress's Constitution. Josh Chafetz (@joshchafetz). #my2018reading #books
6. Great Expectations. Charles Dickens. #my2018reading #books
7. Healing the Heart of Democracy. Parker J. Palmer. #my2018reading #books
8. David Copperfield. Charles Dickens. #my2018reading #books
9. On Democracy. Robert A. Dahl. #my2018reading #books
10. Economics for the Common Good. Jean Tirole. #my2018reading #books
11. American Gods. Neil Gaiman. #my2018reading #books
12. Exit West. Mohsin Hamid. #my2018reading #books
13. Doughnut Economics. Kate Raworth (@KateRaworth). #my2018reading #books
14. Мастер и Маргарита, Михаил Булгаков (Master and Margarita, Mikhail Bulgakov). #my2018reading #books
15. A Heartbreaking Work Of Staggering Genius. Dave Eggers. #my2018reading #books
16. Life After Life. Kate Atkinson. #my2018reading #books
17. Across That Bridge: A Vision for Change and the Future of America. John Lewis (@repjohnlewis). #my2018reading #books
18. The Efficiency Paradox: What Big Data Can't Do. Edward Tenner (@edward_tenner).  #my2018reading #books
19. Sing, Unburied, Sing. Jesmyn Ward (@jesmimi). #my2018reading #books
20. Poor Economics: A Radical Rethinking of the Way to Fight Global Poverty. Abhijit V. Banerjee & Esther Duflo. #my2018reading #books
21. The Next Factory of the World: How Chinese Investment is Reshaping Africa. Irene Yuan Sun. #my2018reading #books 


# 2017

1. Slade House. David Mitchell.
2. The Fractured Republic. Yuval Levin.
3. The Elegance of the Hedgehog. Muriel Barbery
4. Hear the Wind Sing. Haruki Murakami.
5. Bone Clocks. David Mitchell.
6. America's Constitution: A Biography. Akhil Reed Amar.
7. Year of Yes. Shonda Rhimes.
8. Pinball, 1973. Haruki Murakami.
9. Tears We Cannot Stop: A Sermon To White America. Michael Eric Dyson.
10. Countdown City. Ben H. Winters
11. The God of Small Things. Arundhati Roy.
12. Two Years Eight Months and Twenty-Eight Nights. Salman Rushdie.
13. World of Trouble. Ben H. Winters
14. Non-Violent Resistance (Satyagraha). Mahatma K. Gandhi.
15. Invitation To Love: The Way Of Christian Contemplation. Thomas Keating.
16. Something Wicked This Way Comes. Ray Bradbury.
17. The First Bad Man. Miranda July.
18. Mahatma Gandhi's _Constructive Programme_: Building a New India. Allwyn Tellis. University of Illinois dissertation, 2006.
19. Constructive Programme. Mohandas Gandhi.
20. Middlemarch. George Eliot.
21. Open Mind, Open Heart. Thomas Keating.
22. Giraffe. J.M. Ledgard.
23. How Nonviolent Struggle Works. Gene Sharp.
24. The Sympathizer. Viet Thanh Nguyen.
25. Rethinking Capitalism: Economics and Policy for Sustainable and Inclusive Growth. Michael Jacobs, Mariana Mazzucato, eds.
26. The Road. Cormac McCarthy.
27. The Book Thief. Markus Zusak.
28. The Man in the High Castle. Philip K. Dick.
29. The Buried Giant. Kazuo Ishiguro.
30. Engaging the Powers. Walter Wink.
31. Super Sad True Love Story. Gary Shteyngart.
32. Light Years. James Salter.
33. The Productivity Project. Chris Bailey.
34. The Three-Body Problem. Cixin Liu.
35. Cat's Cradle. Kurt Vonnegut.
36. Slaughterhouse-Five. Kurt Vonnegut.
37. Breakfast of Champions. Kurt Vonnegut.
38. Kingdom Cons. Yuri Herrera.
39. The Pale King. David Foster Wallace.
40. Tell the Wolves I'm Home. Carol Rifka Brunt.
41. WTF? What's the Future and Why It's Up to Us. Tim O'Reilly.
42. The Ministry of Utmost Happiness. Arundhati Roy.
43. Kanban. David J. Anderson.
44. Submergence. J.M. Ledgard.
45. An Atlas of Impossible Longing. Anuradha Roy.
46. What Happened. Hillary Rodham Clinton.
47. A Legacy of Spies. John le Carré.
48. The Penguin and the Leviathan: How Cooperation Triumphs Over Self-Interest. Yochai Benkler.
49. Public Opinion. Walter Lippmann.
50. A Little Life. Hanya Yanagihara.
51. The Great Debate: Edmund Burke, Thomas Paine, and the Birth of Right and Left. Yuval Levin.
52. Lincoln in the Bardo. George Saunders.
53. Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children. Ransom Riggs.
54. The Unbearable Wholeness of Being. Ilia Delio.
55. Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. J.K. Rowling, John Tiffany, Jack Thorne.
56. The Color of Magic. Terry Pratchett.
57. The Light Fantastic. Terry Pratchett.
58. Equal Rites. Terry Pratchett
59. Doing Capitalism in the Innovation Economy: Markets, Speculation and the State. William H. Janeway (@billjaneway).
60. Mort. Terry Pratchett.
61. Sourcery, Terry Pratchett.
62. Rationalism, Pluralism, and Freedom. Jacob T. Levy (@jtlevy). 
63. Wyrd Sisters. Terry Pratchett. #my2017reading
